# Project: SBRideShare
* Mentor: Vincent/Alan
* Meeting Time: 11-15-2021
* Meeting Type: scrum

## Team
[x] Chris Stasiowski
[x] Heather Dinh
[x] Louie Aldana
[x] Lucien Luc
[x] Robert Gee

### Chris Stasiowski

#### I did
* First draft of design doc

#### I Will Do
* Deployment doc

### Heather Dinh

#### I did
* More UI improvements

#### I Will Do
* Continue working on UI and themes

### Louie Aldana

#### I did
* Submission form for autocomplete

#### I Will Do
* Figure out submission form issue

#### Blockers
* Issue with submitted form

### Lucien Luc

#### I did
* Implement search for rides

#### I Will Do
* Directions for API

### Robert Gee

#### I did
* Add driver profile image
* Add human readable format
* Animation for button

#### I Will Do
* Search bar?