# Project: SBRideShare
* Mentor: Vincent/Alan
* Meeting Time: 11-22-21
* Meeting Type: scrum

## Team
[x] Chris Stasiowski
[x] Heather Dinh
[x] Louie Aldana
[x] Lucien Luc
[x] Robert Gee

### Chris Stasiowski

#### I did
* submitted feeback doc for review

#### I Will Do
* add to front end.

#### Blockers
* N/A

### Heather Dinh

#### I did

* pushed UI changes over to main branch

#### I Will Do
* resolve infinite loop issues.


#### Blockers
* N/A

### Louie Aldana

#### I did
* submitted feeback doc for review
* resolved address auto-complete and issues for Rides.js

#### I Will Do
* continue Manual.md

#### Blockers
* N/A

### Lucien Luc

#### I did
* feedback for group


#### I Will Do
* front end stuff

#### Blockers
* N/A

### Robert Gee

#### I did
* worked on popup/ pickup location on Rideslist.js

#### I Will Do
* spruce up front end

#### Blockers
* N/A